Grandpa is looking for the iron of the cliff in the center
I didn't expect this to be a joke of fate
Or God?
You have long been destined to be a rare cliff
Iron wants to completely remove the cold from your body
Need to have sex with a man of pure yang body
Use him to lift that pure yang qi and slowly go out
So you are that pure yang body
Ok ok
Fortunately, we have known each other for a long time
Otherwise, it will be embarrassing during treatment.
Although so
Will not suffer
But it's so weird for Jindy to be a lover
Why is it inconvenient for you?
I just think it's bad for your reputation
To tell you the truth
We have to have sex every once in a while
It's impossible to completely eradicate a natural constitution like yours
Only through the harmony of yin and yang
You are the eldest lady of the Jiang family
I'm afraid haha
It's a treatment.
Just like male obstetricians treat pregnant women
Why does this still affect pregnant women?
I'm about to enter the military
It may not be available for a long time.